adding example folder and foreach example (#2499)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rdi/data-transformation/examples/foreach-example.md

# Write Behind foreach example

> The `foreach` section is used in order to explode a list of objects or arrays to rows is a selected target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `foreach` section is used in order to explode a list of objects or arrays to rows in a selected target.
```

> The `foreach` section is used in order to explode a list of objects or arrays to rows is a selected target.

Author: yes in typo

The `foreach` expression is structured in the following way `foreach <field_name>:<JMESPath expression>`.

> The example below uses the `add_field` transformation to prepare the input JSON to the desired structure and then applies `foreach` to write each `order` object as a relational database record using `keys` and `mapping`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example uses the `add_field` transformation to prepare the input JSON to the desired structure. Then, it applies `foreach` to write each `order` object as a relational database record using `keys` and `mapping`.
```

> The example below uses the `add_field` transformation to prepare the input JSON to the desired structure and then applies `foreach` to write each `order` object as a relational database record using `keys` and `mapping`.

Author: The example is null
